Below is the definition of "Battleship" 
taken from the Wikipedia website: 

"Battleship is a strategy type guessing game
for two players. It is played on ruled grids
(paper or board) on which each player's fleet 
of ships (including battleships) are marked. 
The locations of the fleets are concealed 
from the other player. Players alternate 
turns calling "shots" at the other player's 
ships, and the objective of the game is to 
destroy the opposing player's fleet.

Battleship is known worldwide as a pencil and 
paper game which dates from World War I. It 
was published by various companies as a 
pad-and-pencil game in the 1930s, and was 
released as a plastic board game by Milton 
Bradley in 1967. The game has spawned 
electronic versions, video games, smart 
device apps and a film.

The game is played on four grids, two for 
each player. The grids are typically square 
– usually 10×10 – and the individual squares 
in the grid are identified by letter and 
number. On one grid the player arranges ships 
and records the shots by the opponent. On the 
other grid the player records their own shots.

Before play begins, each player secretly 
arranges their ships on their primary grid. 
Each ship occupies a number of consecutive 
squares on the grid, arranged either 
horizontally or vertically. The number of 
squares for each ship is determined by the 
type of the ship. The ships cannot overlap 
(i.e., only one ship can occupy any given 
square in the grid). The types and numbers of 
ships allowed are the same for each player. 
These may vary depending on the rules."
